in today's business we love to surround
ourselves with the latest technology
from tablet PCs and smartphones glad top
computers desktop computers with
multiple monitors and Printers too heavy
rack-mounted servers and audio recording
equipment even though we are told that
everything is going Wireless we still
have this mess of power and network
cables monitor and speaker wires all
piled on the desktop or even worse
laying at our feet how are you supposed
to plug all this stuff in while we try
to take such care and selecting the
perfect desk with all of this the look
of the entire office is ruined so at
kureta we set out to create a beautiful
solid cherrywood desk that seamlessly
integrates the computer technology into
the workspace all in a price that is a
bargain compared to other contemporary
solid hardwood furniture we can't make
your wires and cables go away but we can
make them disappear the desk was
designed with an extra large cable tray
that can hold a huge amount of cable
this cable way has a lot of entry points
to route cables directly through the
desk top or legs with desktop
connectivity ports you can even plug
your Apple or USB device media card and
earbuds right here at the desktop if you
need to secure your laptop computer
these micro suede lined locking drawers
are large enough to handle them all
kureta workspace products feature
premium select solid cherry hardwood
with unique grain patterns precision fit
joinery sturdy construction and soft
smooth hand sanded finishes we are proud
to use the best American grown hardwoods
the wood that we have selected for each
desk is of a quality that would
typically only be found in extremely
high-end custom furniture manufacturers
because of this each desk is
one-of-a-kind which is why we number
each one on a deep zinc badge all of our
hardwood is sourced from an MSC
certified supplier that means we use
best management practices for sustained
forestry this is not the only aspect of
kureta that makes it a green product we
use lots of eco-friendly materials such
as low vo C formaldehyde free finishes
and our manufacturing processes are
optimized to produce a minimal amount of
waste also a portion of the sale from
each desk goes to help support sea
turtle conservation another problem that
people have with traditional desk is
that it's just a pain to assemble and
forget about this assembling it to move
it to a new location a kureta desk goes
together in just a few minutes with one
size of standard screw and because all
the screws go into steel threaded
inserts it's just as easy to take apart
and set up again and again it all ships
from stock or short lead time by
standard UPS or FedEx so you won't have
a huge semi-truck show up at your front
door all of our products are made in
America and shipped directly from our
Factory in central Ohio every office has
its own unique requirements and with
lots of functional desk accessories you
can configure your desk to meet your
specific needs
do you want a large l-shaped desk to
maximize your workspace no problem do
you need multiple computer in printer
shelves those can be easily added like
to use a monitor arm or attach multiple
monitors they attach directly through
the desk top eliminating the need for a
bulky edge clamp
what power outlets right at your desktop
you can add them right here you can even
integrate up to 14 units of rack mounted
equipment right to the desk you get the
idea you can have the desk that matches
the way that you work we also offer a
complete line of file cabinets tables
bookshelves hutches high-efficiency LED
desk lamps and a lot of other companion
products to complete the perfect kureta
office from business to home office to
the classroom the traditional messy
workspace is a thing of the past with
kureta workspace you get a beautiful
contemporary solid hardwood desk with
functionality that is on
we are integrated technology desk